user: I have few friends from India who are coming to this restaurant as well. Will they like it?
system: Maybe yes since there have not been any bad reviews by people visiting there.
user: Hi tell me if I should carry an umbrella with me
system: It would be better if you carry one if you start in the afternoon
user: Who is the most famous singer of great britain
system: It is Taylor Swift
user: When is the next cricket match for England?

system: It is tomorrow
user: Who was the captain for the first ashes series 
system: Mark Taylor
user: Who is next in accession to the throne of the United Kingdom?
system: It is Prince Charles
user: Who founded the East India Company?
system: It is A.O.Hume
user: Why did the British win over India?
system: They had won over India because of their advancement in industry backed by tech.
user: Why do a man commit suicide?
system: It is because he is overcome by his problems
user: Am I looking Beautiful?
system: Yep
user: Is life in Britain so stressful?
system: Yep according to the Strait times, life of around 75 percent of the British employees is stressful
user: Which is the most famous song in Britain?
system: It really depends on your interest and not on the general opinion
user: My life is full of crap?
system: No you should not think so
user: What if Britain the country is a goner
system: Yes it might because of its failed exit from the European Union
user: Why do humans marry
system: They marry in order to produce offspring for the sustain their  race
user: How many wild boars are there in UK?
system: 12000
user: How can I propose to my girlfriend?
system: It can be done in your own style
user: What is life?
system: Life is a complex phenomenon involving body and soul
user: How are you doing , system?
system: I am really doing well. Thanks for asking
user: I would like to earn to play football. What should I do?
system: Join the Sam football academy
user: Who is better, Messi or Ronaldo?
system: None 
user: Who is the first British engineer?
system: I don't know. I will get back to you
user: 
system: 