user: I have some meetings to attend at Cambridge. 
system: Yeah, Cambridge is definitely one of the most sought-after business spots.
user: But I am at Ely.
system: Not a problem, there are multiple ways of reaching Cambridge from Ely like train.
user: Train? Yeah sounds good. Cheap also, as I can't spend too much on travelling.
system: I understand, travelling should not be too expensive.
user: yes exactly. is there a train like that?
system: Yes, of course. When do you want to travel?
user: Thanks, I guess Sunday 10 in the morning
system: You surely are a workaholic, as you are working even on a Sunday.
user: Haha, I wish I was. Just trying to complete a few work commitments.
system: Sure, one should always be committed towards their job. I looked up for you. There's a train leaving at 11:35. Is that okay?
user: Okay, let me do final checks before confirming
system: Yes, please take your time. I am not in a hurry.
user: Wait!
system: What happened? All okay?
user: I messed up. Totally forgot, I have to reach on Thursday.
system: Relax, not a problem.
user: So much of work is overwhelming!
system: I totally understand. Take a deep breath. Everything will be fine.
user: Thanks. Please tell if there is a train on Thursday
system: Yes, there is.
user: Oh thanks!
system: I can see a train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and reaching by 5:52. Does that suit you?
user: Seems okay
system: Great, shall I book it?
user: yeah book it
system: Done. Here is your reference number is: MUBTUUTM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
user: Thanks, I just wished if I could make it before 14:45
system: The best I can find for you is train TR4992 which will arrive at 13:52.
user: Yeah, this is so much better. Book it 
system: Sure. Shall I confirm the booking then?
user: Hold on, my colleagues are also travelling along.  
system: That's wonderful. You will have company along the way.
user: Yea true. Can you book for them too? They are 5
system: Yes, of course. Your booking is successful, the payable amount is 22 GBP at the station.
user: Wow, my trip is sorted. I can breath now
system: Yes, I hope you have a pleasant journey.
user: Thanks. But I don't know where to eat there?
system: No issues. I can look for a restaurant there.
user: Sounds great. Can you find a cheap eatery in the centre?
system: Yes, there is one called Gardenia. Do you want me to make a reservation for you there?
user: yes, book it for Thursday 20:15 for 5 people
system: Done. I have made a booking for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. I hope you will enjoy the food there.
user: Thanks. You really helped a lot. Everything seems in place now.
system: It was my pleasure to serve you. Have a good day!